Some Git commands along with their functions are:
1.Command: sudo apt install git
  Function:This command is used to install Git tools in Linux.
2.Command: git init
  Function:This command creates a new Git repository(.git) within the current directory.In other words,it is used to allocate workspace to Git.
3.Command: git add filename(ex:testfile.txt)
  Function:This command adds the specified file, present in the current directory, to the staging area.
4.Command: git add .
  Function:This command adds all modified and new(untracked) files in the current directory and all subdirectories to the staging area.
5.Command: git commit -m "Initial Commit"
  Function:This command is used to commit(save) all the changes to the local repository.Here, use of Initial Commit as message is purely a convention and it is up to us whether we follow this convention or not.We can place any message in place of "Initial Commit".
6.Command: git commit -am "My Message"
  Function:This command is used in order to add and commit a file together using one single command instead of using two different commands for adding and commiting.This command,however, can only be used for files which have already been added atleast once.
7.Command: git status
  Function:this commands lists all the files that are left to be added and commited/commited.
8.Command: git config --global user.name "Username"
  Function:This command is used to save the Git username of a user which is to be associated with each of his/her commitsglobally.
9.Command: git config --global user.email "E-mail_address"
  Function:This command is used to save the Git email of a user which is to be associated with each of his/her commits globally.
10.Command: git remote add origin (Paste the remote link here)
  Function:This command is used to connect the remote repository with my local repository.
11.Command: git remote -v
  Function:This command tests whether the connection between remote and local repository has been established or not.
12.Command: git push origin master
  Function:This command is used to upload content of local repository to remote repository.  
